hey there Jeremy white is here with
whites Tech hockey and in this video we
got a great drill it's called the
Swedish five passing shot drill I really
like this one a lot it's great because
it mimics some of the patterns that you
find in regroup situations and it's I
like it because it's a bit of a confined
space drill there's a lot going on in a
small space so let's go ahead we'll pull
up the rink and I'll show you we've got
going on as you can see we've got four
lines to set up and basically each line
is at the blue line at about the neutral
zone dot and each of these lines is can
see has pucks and to start the drill
what you're going to do is the first
player of diagonal lines is going to
leave at the same time without a puck so
what they're going to do is I'm just
going to only going to draw one line
just because I don't want to get too
complicated with overlapping lines and
arrows and stuff but just know that both
sides are going at the same time and
then on the next whistle the opposite
two lines will go so to start the drill
first player in this line will skate out
without a puck and start turning up ice
the first player of the other other line
is doing the same thing so the second
player in each of these two lines needs
to be ready with a puck
so the second player in line is going to
fire out a pass and it's just a little
quick OneTouch pass
it's touch pass right back to them okay
and then after the touch pass then the
receiver is going to loop out around the
top of this Center eyes circle okay and
then the exact same thing is going to
happen again with the second player of
the line that he or she left from so
another quick pass out touch pass back
so right there right off the bat we've
got four passes you know out and back
and then out and back again and then
after that second out and back that
second touch pass then this player is
going to loop out and present himself
him or herself as an option for an
outlet pass so he's going to come up I
get get him himself a good angle and
turn up ice and receive the fifth pass
from the same line that he or she left
from so that final pass comes out and at
this point what I wanted to just quickly
mention every coach is different my
philosophy is don't take your eye off
the pocket
you absolutely have to but try your
hardest to never have to take your eye
off the off the passer because the
passer might need to make the pass
at you know at any point along this
trajectory and so what I recommend is
just do an inside reverse pivot at about
the bottom of that little loop and so
that way this players never taken his
eye off the passer so a little inside
reverse pivot turn up ice receive that
fifth pass and then basically you're
just off to the races so then this the
puck here take it down cut to the net
and take shot on net so like I said
great drill mimic some of the some of
the regroup situations regroup passing
lanes and passing options you'll see and
there's you know quite a bit going on in
a small space and you know a little bit
of traffic because we got both sides
going at the same time and you know like
I said it's a great drill make sure you
visit us at whites Tech hockey comm for
the PDF printout drill draw and hockey
share import files for this drill and
those will help you if you want to use
it in your practice